Feature: 86759 - Support nomodule attribute for JavaScript includes (#385)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-Typoscript: Documentation/Setup/Page/Index.rst

         not be included. Extensive usage might cause huge numbers of temporary
         files to be created. See ->if for details.

>          **nomodule**: When set the `HTML5 attribute nomodule
>          <https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/scripting.html#attr-script-nomodule>`__
>          is is added. This prevents a script from being executed in user agents
>          that support module scripts, allowing selective execution of module scripts
>          in modern user agents and classic scripts in older user agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         **nomodule**: When set, the `HTML5 attribute nomodule
         <https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/scripting.html#attr-script-nomodule>`__
         is added. This prevents a script from being executed in user agents
         that support module scripts. It allows selective execution of module scripts
         in modern user agents, and execution classic scripts in older user agents.
```
